The claim of the European Zionist movement that it is more entitled to the ownership of Palestine
is invalid by all means.
The claim is originally biblical.
With all respect to all religions, it is not a historical reference or an international legal document
between nations that disagree on it and about it.
Still, if we have arguably agreed with the bible as a historical reference,
there were other nations in Palestine rather than the Jews people;
before them, while they were there and after the demise of their reign.
Half of the Torah is about the wars between the Jews and the other half is about the mingling with them
to the point where Jews worshipped the gods of those others,
and the worship of the others to the God of the Jews.
What gives an exclusive priority to the offspring of Jews today,
if we arguably agreed that they are their offspring,
and not the offspring of other dwellers of ancient Palestine, to its ownership?
If we, arguably, agreed to the Jewish priority,
some of them remained on the same religion and got expelled by the Romans
after Bar Kokhba revolt in 132 AD
and some remained in Palestine
got Christianized, maybe accepted Islam, and got Arabized.
So what gives the exclusive right to the ownership of the country
to that Jew that left the country, exclusively, and not
that did not and became a Christian, then maybe a Muslim, for example?
That all, as we aforementioned, based on the assumption that
2,000 years of history is completely
void of any conversion of any other non-Jew nations
from outside of Palestine to Judaism
which makes their offspring today, completely, unrelated to ancient Palestine
This assumption is naturally wrong!
History is rampant with non-Hebrews to Judaism.
It is correct that converting to Judaism is procedurally more complicated than converting to Christianity or Islam,
However, the conversion of nations of other religions to it
happened in the past and is happening until today. The evidence is rampant,
starting with Yohanan, the high priest, known as Hyrcanus, the ruler of Judea,
that forced the conversion of the entire population of Edomites in the second century AD
to the writings of Maimonides in the medieval ages about the rules of the conversion of the people to Judaism
to the point where the daughter of the 45th president of the United States
to Judaism in those times while her grandfathers of her father's side are from Germany and Scottland,
and her grandfathers of her mother's side are from Czech and Austria!
That is geography-wise,
however, historically, what makes the Jew that left [Palestine] or the foreigner that recently embraced Judaism
more entitled than the Palestinians of the Jewish part of their country?
The Zionist European colonialist nationalist movement of the modern age
has stolen even its Jewish history
The Jewish part of the history of Palestine is a part of our history as Palestinians
We are the Palestinians, the people country that stayed in it.
For however was Jewish, then got Christianized, then become a Muslim
or for that how was never Jewish from the beginning
and his family was before the Jews, with them, and after them
or those who have come to it of different peoples who shared its people's religions
and talked their languages and married from them on the span of thousands of years
An Arab Palestinian person with his forefathers from Quresh (Family of Prophet Mohammad) for example
could have a mother that is a Jebusite, an Syriac,
a Greek, a Samaritan, an Egyptian Coptic,
a Persian, an Assyrian, a Bablyonic,
a Moabian, an Edomite, a Nabatian,
a Hebrew that maybe got Christianized, or became a Muslim, or never did,
all are Palestinians!
Why would Theodore Hertzl that is born in Budapest, Austria,
or David Ben Gurion born in Płońsk, Poland
or the Daughter of the president of the United States that converted to Judaism almost two hours ago
are more entitled to than that Arab Palestinian with his mothers' history and their forefathers?
I say that the Arab speaking people of the country today
Are more entitled of the European Zionist movement with all of history of Palestine;
Of all its components; Pagan, Jewish, Christian, and Muslim
exactly as Roman history is part of the Italians'.
Even if their religion or language changed. Even if their Italian race mixed
with Germans, Normans, Greeks, and Arabs
Otherwise, a Catholic Italian today would be
alien to the history of Rome because Ceaser was not Christian nor spoke Italian!
The claim of the founder of the Zionist Movement,
or the first prime minister of Israel, or the daughter of the American president,
that they are more entitled in any part of  ancient Palestine's history than me
is almost like if a foreigner who believes in ancient Egyptian religion;
the religion of Amon and Osiris, that he
is more entitled to the Pharaonic history of Egypt from today's people of Egypt!
Because their religion and language have changed!
Then goes to establish a country in Egypt and expels its own people
Muslims and Christians then forbids them to return!
The Zionist argument is contradictory.
From one side, it is purely religious
because it entitles the ownership of the land
to the Jews exclusively and
not those who were there before them, with them, after them, or were originally from them!
then changed their religion. From another side,
it claims that it is a secular nationalist movement
and that Jews are an ethnicity
not a religion either if
its own people believed in the faith or not
I do not do a lot of direct political content on those episodes
but because we are in times
where strong people want to impose upon us
the cession upon the cession of our country.
I register that the right of each one of us in the country
is a personal right. For him, and his offspring afterwards
I am one of the people who
did not, at all, authorize anyone to cede
or even to negotiate using my name on my right and the rights of
my offspring after me in this country
and each agreement that was signed or getting signed with my name does not
abide me nor abides me or my offspring after me to anything.
and whoever signs it does not represent me
We did not expel anyone from his country
and we do not want to expel anyone
However, we do not accept that someone else expels us
then asks us to agree to that.
This argument is eternal as the day and the night
The same history teaches us that
power, no matter how much it allured its holder and scared its victims
is vanishing away, definitely!